Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
When I was a little girl...
my mother would remind me each
night to open up my heart to God...
for he was kind. merciful and just.
Things changed when my father left
a few years later. leaving her to raise...
me and my brothers in a little place
on the edge of the Mojave Desert.
She never talked of
a kind and merciful God again.
Instead. she spoke of a prophecy...
of a time when all the world
would be covered in darkness...
and the fate of mankind
would be decided.
I finally got up the courage to ask
my mother why God had changed...
why he was so mad at his children.
"I don't know." she said.
tucking the covers around me.
"I guess he just got tired
of all the bullshit."
Respond to an MVA
on the on-ramp of 10 East.
- You're the idiot!
- Goddamn animals.
Nights like this，
I'd like to take a match to this city...
just so I could watch
all these motherfuckers burn.
Just a good-old-boy barbecue， huh?
A fresh start.
That's what this place needs.
Jesus.
Shit!
What the fuck?
Stop! Drop the bag.
Put your hands on your head.
Man down! I repeat. man down!
It's started.
There isn't much time.
Shut the fuck up
and drop the bags now!
Hands on your head.
On your head!
Turn around! Turn the fuck around!
Don't! Let him go!
Take the shot. Burton.
Let him the fuck g...
What the...?
Burton!
What are you doing. Michael?
- These weren't your orders.
- What are you saying?
No， I'm following
my own orders now.
Then you will die
along with the child.
Burton， you fucking know this guy?
What the hell are you...?
You okay. Jeep?
Sorry I woke you. Charlie.
No. It wasn't you.
He's been
kicking up a storm all night.
He must know something I don't.
Another bad dream?
It's just stress. Jeep. That's all.
I mean. you do too much worrying.
About this place. about your dad.
About me.
You're the only thing
I like to worry about.
See what I mean?
You're worried about a girl that's eight
months pregnant. Isn't even your baby.
It's enough to give
anybody nightmares.
Go ahead and make fun of me.
Everybody else does.
Come on.
You know how much I appreciate
everything you and Bob do for me.
About a month from now.
this baby's gonna have a new family.
I'm gonna have to start thinking about
what the hell I'm gonna do with my life.
So you're still going through with it?
I'm not ready to be a mama.
Christ. I can barely take care
of myself as it is.
Well. I could help you.
I mean. we could do it together.
you know?
I want to.
You gotta stop carrying the weight
of the world on your shoulders. Jeep.
I haven't won my wings yet. That's
why I'm an angel. Second Class.
I don't know whether I like it. being
seen with an angel without any wings.
Oh. I've got to earn them.
And you'll help me. won't you?
Sure. sure.
Lord as my witness. Bob. one of these
days. that thing's gonna hit you back.
What are you talking about. Percy?
We got a special relationship here.
Yeah. they got names
for that kind of relationship.
It's disgusting.
You're right. It is disgusting.
Really. how can she go out
in public looking like that?
I don't know.
Why don't we just ask her?
No， Howard. don't.
You'll embarrass me.
Audrey. your mother was wondering
if you got dressed this morning...
with the specific intention of showing
your ass off to the entire world.
Yeah. because I woke up
hoping to get double-teamed...
by a couple of meth-head truckers
in some bathroom of a desert shithole.
It's a good thing we got stuck here.
I feel satisfied with that answer.
I really do.
I'm being punished for something，
I know it.
Shit.
"Next service in 50 miles"?
Fifty miles?
Merry Christmas.
What's so merry about it?
You know， that shit ain't
really good for the baby.
Guess I should think
about quitting. then.
Before you quit.
could I get one from you?
You can buy a whole pack inside.
How about I get one from you...
and give you two from the pack
you're gonna sell me in there?
You know what? I'm kind of lost.
- Am I right here?
- Not even close.
Son of a bitch.
Well. are there any phones
around here that actually work?
Bob will probably let you use
the diner phone if you ask him nice.
Maybe pay him a little something.
I think I can handle that.
They got anything in there to eat?
Pancakes or...
Yep. Got a buttermilk stack
for $3.75.
French toast for $4 if you're into that.
Personally， I like the pancakes， though.
- You okay， Charlie?
- Yeah.
I'm fine. This guy's just lost.
Who is that?
- This is what happens when you drive.
- What? What do you want me to do?
Talk to him.
It was supposed to be ready
two goddamn hours ago.
It hasn't been two hours.
Hope Salem Lights are all right.
That's all we got.
Charlie. where you been?
It's not a resort.
We got orders stacking up.
And you best not be smoking again.
A girl in your condition.
Bob. you see where I'm at right now?
Can my condition really get any worse?
Besides. you ain't one to talk.
What? I quit two years ago.
Yeah? So why are you still carrying
that fancy lighter around for. then?
It's a gift from my ex-wife.
I'm sentimental.
I wanna remember
how much I hate her guts.
Hey. man. you got a phone
I can use?
My cell phone ain't got no reception.
The phone booth outside is busted.
Excuse me. Is there any news
about when our car might be fixed?
You said your boy would have us
on the road two hours ago.
At the rate we're going. we'd be lucky
to make it to Scottsdale by Christmas.
Hey.
The hood's up on this Beemer.
Does that mean anything to you?
Yeah.
What are you working on that's so
important you're not doing your job?
Nothing.
I found it under a bunch of stuff
in the storage shed.
I know how you never like
to throw anything away. so...
- What are you doing?
- What?
Look. Jeep. I like Charlie. I do.
And I think it's real nice.
you giving her a helping hand...
- Leave me alone.
- She's not your responsibility.
Hey.
Don't you walk away from me
when I'm talking to you.
How long you gonna follow her around
like a puppy looking for hind tit?
You're gonna clean up her mess while
she steps out with every other guy?
Don't say that about her!
She's not like that.
Look...
I know it doesn't
make much sense to you.
Sometimes it doesn't
make sense to me. either.
I've been having these dreams
about her.
Some of them so bad...
I wish I never had to sleep again.
I can't explain it. Dad.
I just feel like it's something
I gotta do.
You know， your mother...
thought I was crazy
for wanting to buy this place...
moving us all the way up here.
middle of nowhere.
But I just knew it was something
I had to do.
I couldn't explain it. either.
just like you.
I told your mother.
"Trust me. You just wait and see.
When they build that big old mall
on 9 with all them superstores...
...like they been planning for years.
this place is gonna be a gold mine."
The only problem was. I was wrong.
They went and built the whole
thing there in Mesa County...
and I look pretty damn stupid.
And I see you making
the same damn mistake I made...
believing in something
that's never gonna happen.
Now. you listen to me， son.
It's time for you to leave here.
I don't wanna see you wake up
one day all old and pissed off...
realizing you're lost.
Just like everybody else
that stops here.
Now. go on. Fix that car. I want
these people out of here by nightfall.
He's about this close
to wrapping it up.
What is wrong with you today?
I told you to get the satellite TV.
but you didn't wanna listen.
- What the hell do I need that crap for?
- The History Channel， man.
I got all the history I can take.
- That's for sure.
- What's your beef now?
You don't need to be
watching this. anyway.
All right. baby. Come on. this is
gonna be it right here. Come on.
Clear as day.
What the hell's that?
It's one of them test things.
Yeah. that don't look like a test.
Hey. man. I need to use the phone.
In the back. past the kitchen.
Excuse me. but if this
were an actual emergency...
wouldn't they be giving us
instructions on what to do?
Why don't you check out that old radio.
see if there's any news about the TV?
Eleven a.m. Tomorrow at
the courthouse. I know. I'll be there.
Put my little man on the phone.
Because a father's supposed to
be able to talk to his son. That's why.
I don't care what your lawyer said.
I got my own lawyer.
Now. put him on
the goddamn phone.
Hello?
Your phone is breaking up.
Do you hear me? Hello? Hello?
Shit.
Maybe there was an earthquake.
- A lot of people could be hurt.
- Not if it was centered in the desert.
Exactly. Could be nothing
to worry about.
- So then why is the TV out?
- Well. maybe it was terrorists.
Oh. God.
For crying out loud，
there's no use speculating.
I'll just call my brother up.
He'll probably know something.
- I don't think so.
- What do you mean?
I was just on the phone. The shit cut
off in the middle of my conversation.
I want my money back.
- This is perfect. Absolutely perfect.
- Calm down.
Hey. hey. hey.
Everybody. simmer down.
Nothing to get excited about.
They're probably working on the lines.
Besides. Jeep's gonna
have your car fixed up quick.
- Then you're gonna be on your way.
- Good.
Have a seat wherever you want.
ma'am. Specials are on the board.
I already know what I want.
- Okay. What'll it be?
- I'll have a steak. please.
- How'd you like that cooked?
- Rare， if you would.
- And water and no ice.
- Coming right up.
- "Charlie，" is it?
- Yeah.
What an unusual name for a girl.
So they say.
Be right back with your water.
Hello. I'm Gladys， Gladys Foster.
Oh. hello， Gladys.
It's so nice to meet you.
I'm Sandra and this is
my husband， Howard.
What a nice-looking young couple.
- What brings you up to these parts?
- We are on our way to Scottsdale.
But our car broke down， and we're
stuck here while it's getting fixed.
What a nuisance.
Say. Gladys. you know. the lines
seem to be down around here.
The phone and the TV.
And I was just wondering if you...
might have heard something on
your way up about what's going on.
Oh. you don't have to worry about that.
sweetheart. It'll all be over soon.
Oh. okay.
Excuse me.
Hey. So. what are we looking at?
I don't know. There's probably
something wrong with the computer...
- but we don't have the gear to test it.
- Oh. shit.
They're gonna be pissed.
Tell them we'll call and have it towed
to one of those dealerships in Harding.
Well. that's not gonna happen.
The phone's out.
- What?
- Yeah.
Oh. thank you. dear.
How far along are you?
Oh. just about there.
- The father must be very proud.
- I wouldn't know.
- He's...
- Out of sight. out of mind.
I see.
So I take it you're not married?
- No.
- That's too bad.
No. I prefer it that way. I don't
need a man telling me what to do.
- But what about the baby?
- I got it under control.
But it's gonna burn.
What'd you just say?
I said. your fucking baby's
gonna burn.
Go to hell. lady.
- Fucking Jesus freak.
- What happened?
All those little babies
are gonna burn.
- Gladys.
- Shut up. you stupid fucking cunt.
All you do is
complain. complain. complain.
What?
- What? What?
- No. Howard.
- What did you just say?
- No. no. don't.
I don't know who you think you are，
but I'd like you to apologize to my wife.
- Howard!
- Oh. my...
Shit.
You're all gonna fucking die.
No.
What the fuck. man?
Shoot her， Jeep!
You will never save her.
Shoot the bitch!
Shoot her!
No， no!
Somebody help me! Somebody...
Put pressure on it!
Don't look at me like that...
or your husband
will bleed to death.
Keep pressure right there. Calm down.
Keep pressure on his neck.
Who the fuck is this old lady?
- It's okay. It's okay.
- Charlie.
Charlie. call 911!
Keep your eyes on the old lady. man.
- Help him.
- All right， calm down.
- Audrey.
Careful with him.
- Easy.
- He'll be okay?
Howard! Breathe. Just breathe.
- How far is it to the hospital?
- Mom， how did she do that?
- I don't know!
- Seventy. maybe 80 miles.
- What?
- Eighty mil...?
I'm gonna get there as soon
as we can， but I can't stay.
- That's fine! Please drive faster!
- Okay.
Oh. God. please go faster.
What the hell is that?
They're clouds!
What do you think they are?
They're not clouds. Clouds don't buzz!
Oh. my God.
I can't believe she was still standing
after Percy hit her with that frying pan.
He broke her fucking neck.
I saw it. I swear I saw it.
Did you see the gun that guy had?
What's a guy do with a gun like that?
Hey. Jeep. It's all right. son.
I couldn't pull the trigger.
I froze.
I saw what I needed to do.
I was too afraid.
She would have killed you.
She would have killed Charlie.
Hey.
You ain't got nothing to be
ashamed of. You hear me. son?
Not everybody can play the hero.
Especially when it comes
to pulling the trigger.
What happened? What happened?
- What's going on?
- I gotta get my Bible.
- What for?
- Somebody's gotta start praying.
Jesus. she's burning up.
How is that possible?
She's been dead for an hour.
I don't give a fuck how long she's been
dead. Bitch just walked on the ceiling.
She ain't staying in here.
The old bitch is heavy.
Hold her up. Jeep!
- I'm trying.
- Where are the flies?
How am I supposed to know?
Are you asking me to explain the
behavior of a motherfucking pestilence?
Hey. Somebody's coming.
Now what?
- All right. Now we're talking.
- Wait a second. L.A.P. D?
- I'm from Vegas. man.
- Give me the gun.
Oh. thank God.
Charlie. wait!
Take one more step
and I'll drop you right there.
Is that how you greet
all your customers?
Mister. after what
we've been through...
you're lucky we don't shoot you first
and greet you later.
Now. let me see them teeth.
Your teeth， goddamn it!
Let me see them!
No shark teeth. Pop.
Okay. then.
- How about you tell us your name?
- Michael.
I'm sorry about that， Michael.
We had this old lady in here
who went crazy in my place.
She had these teeth.
Never seen anything like it.
Practically bit a man in half.
What are you doing
out here. anyway?
You don't look like
any policeman I ever saw.
Even one from L.A.
But he's gotta be. right?
I mean. who the hell would be
crazy enough to steal a cop car?
You don't know. do you?
Don't know what?
We don't know anything. Nothing
works. The TV， the radio. the phone.
- I'm running out of time.
- Now. you just hold on there， fella.
You better start talking.
or you just get the hell out of here.
Hold on.
Dad. just tell him you're sorry.
Hey. hey. hey. son.
Son. now. I'm sure you don't wanna go
spilling blood for no good reason...
in front of
all these decent people now.
Now. what do you say
about just letting Bob go?
Then you can be on your way，
nice and easy.
They're here.
You're gonna need this.
- Wait. who's here?
- More like her.
What do you mean， like her?
Hold on.
I don't think that's such a good idea.
Dad. I can handle it.
He can handle it.
He doesn't have a choice.
Don't do anything brave.
- What's happening?
- You better get back inside.
Come on. Jeep.
Jeep. come on!
Everybody stay calm.
Okay. we're locked in here.
so what the fuck we doing now?
All right. Rambo， you got us up here.
You mind telling us what we're fighting?
Listen. Listen.
You hear what I'm hearing?
- What the hell is that?
- It sounds almost like...
Ice cream?
It can't be fucking serious， right?
There's a safety switch on the side.
You won't be needing it.
Push it all the way down two clicks.
Now. when this starts.
you hold on tight.
Otherwise. you're gonna
blow your hand off.
What the fuck are
y'all looking at me for?
- Audrey.
- Yeah.
Honey. listen.
It's the ice-cream man.
Oh. man. he don't look that bad.
Oh. shit. Oh. shit. Oh， shit.
Oh. shit!
Get ready.
Is that it?
Now! Shoot now!
- They're just regular people!
- Not anymore. Keep firing.
Don't let them get near the windows!
Where is he?
Mom. open your eyes!
- I can't!
- You have to open your eyes!
- Yes!
- See what you made me do， Mother?
- No!
No!
Hold on to him.
- Dad!
- Hold him. Hold him. Grab him.
Charlie!
There you are.
Dad! Oh. my God!
We got them running.
We got them running!
- No.
- No. he's out there. He's alive.
- He's out there. He's out there.
- He's gone.
He's gone.
Are you okay?
Yeah. Yeah. I'm fine.
Thanks.
I told you not to do anything brave.
We got them running.
- What happened?
- Someone needs to be on the roof.
- I'll go.
- Hold on.
You better start talking.
The last time God lost faith in man...
he sent a flood.
This time. he sent
what you see outside.
Are you saying this is
the Apocalypse?
I'm saying this is an extermination.
Those things outside
are just vessels.
They're possessed.
The weakest willed
are the easiest to turn.
Possessed by what? Demons?
No.
By angels.
No， no， wait. wait. wait.
Hold on. son.
I don't know what book
you've been reading...
but in my version.
the angels are the good guys.
Well. the truth. I'm afraid.
is never that simple.
Bullshit. I'm not a pastor， but I've
never heard of no ice-cream man...
or old lady eating raw meat. jumping
on the ceiling with baby teeth...
so I don't know what
you talking about.
Hold on. How do you know
so much about them?
Because until last night，
I was on their side.
- So you're saying...
- Yeah， that's right.
Yesterday I was fucking Santa Claus.
I mean. you know this is crazy. right?
I mean. I don't even believe in God.
Well. that's just fine. Bob.
He doesn't believe in you. either.
He doesn't believe
in any of this anymore.
I knew this day was coming. I just
didn't think I'd be around to see it.
Come on. Percy. What are
we even talking about this for?
Angels and possessed people?
It's not real! It's...
Have you looked outside， Bob?
I mean. those people aren't
exactly our regular customers.
Wait. so are you here to protect us?
No， not you.
Her.
Me? Why me?
Because your child is the only hope
humanity has of surviving.
Wait. wait. Wait a minute.
This can't be happening to me.
I mean. I'm nobody. I'm just a waitress.
- I don't even own a car.
- None of that matters anymore.
Either your child lives
or mankind dies.
So we supposed to hold those
things off till the baby gets here?
- That's it.
- I'm only eight months pregnant.
This shit can't be happening. man.
How are we supposed to
survive here for a month?
We won't have to.
- It's coming soon. isn't it?
- Yes.
Listen. I simply don't care
what you people believe.
And those things outside.
they don't care， either.
They just want the child dead.
Now. this first attack
was a test of our strength.
The next will be a test
of our weakness.
Now. we can sit here and discuss it.
or you can try and help me.
But believe me.
something much worse is on the way.
Sons of bitches.
They're out there. I can feel them.
So. what's with that gun?
What?
Your piece.
the one you killed Grandma with.
I don't reckon it's for hunting buck.
I use it for protection.
Protection from what?
- From people.
- People?
Yeah. You know.
people that be starting shit.
- Regular people or just. like...
- No.
Not "regular" regular people.
but， you know...
Oh. yeah. Irregular people. then.
Fuck out of here， man.
I got my reasons for doing
what I do and that's that.
I've never actually used it. all right?
I may have flashed it or whatever
and scared a few folks...
but never actually fired off.
Not until today.
This shit is crazy， man.
When I was a kid...
my father would sit by my bed
every night before I went to sleep.
And he'd say to me:
"Percy...
if you don't wake up tomorrow...
if it turns out that...
today...
is your last day on Earth...
would you be proud...
of what you've done in this life?
Because...
if you ain't...
...you better start getting square."
Fuck it.
On the house.
Thank you.
You hungry?
No.
Hell， just because it's the end of the
world. doesn't mean you gotta starve.
I'm just happy
they still have the gas on.
I never really cared much for beer.
Howard was the beer drinker
in the family.
So. what did you do?
You know， before you came here?
I was a soldier.
I was a general in his army.
Well. what changed?
What made you leave?
I was given an order
I didn't believe in.
He lost faith.
I didn't.
Well. how come you still have faith?
I mean. it seems like
everything I have faith in...
causes me nothing but trouble.
When God chose your kind...
as the object of his love...
I was the first in all heaven
to bow down before you.
My love...
my hope for mankind，
was no less than his.
But I have watched you
trample that gift.
I've watched you kill each other
over race and greed...
waging war over dust and rubble
and the words in old books.
And yet. in the midst
of all this darkness...
I see some people
who will not be bowed.
who will not give up...
even when they know
all hope is lost.
Some people...
who realize that being lost
is so close to being found.
I see you. Jeep.
Fifteen years old. your mother leaves.
Your father withdraws from the world.
You spend the next five years
of your young life...
helping him find his way home.
You love a woman
who bears the child of another...
and you love her
with no thought of yourself...
even though you know she may
never love you the way you love her.
You. Jeep.
You are the reason I still have faith.
It's almost time for the next shift.
You question him?
I question myself.
And so should you.
Since their creation.
he has told us only to love them.
I cannot stop.
They have brought this judgment
upon themselves.
They are just lost.
It is our place to guide them.
It is our place to obey.
Tell me， Gabriel.
do you wish to be a son...
who gives his father
what he asks for or what he needs?
This is not your test. Michael.
How dare you presume
to know his heart?
Because he made this one.
And it tells me he shouldn't
lose faith now.
It's too late.
The order has been given.
The weak will turn against the strong
and you will undo what has been done.
And if you defy him...
you'll anger him for the last time.
Only if I fail.
War is coming to man. Michael.
whether you wish it or not.
The dogs of heaven
will be unleashed.
Sandra.
Howard?
Howard.
Baby. help me.
Howard!
Help me!
Please. someone help me!
- Hey. Hey. what are you doing?
- Let me go.
- No.
- He's alive! Let me go!
Mom. Mom. what are you doing?
- Mom， stop!
- He's alive.
- He's not.
- Your father is alive.
Let go of me!
No， don't!
Come back! Come back!
Come back!
Howard!
- Howard!
- Mom. Mom. get down!
Percy?
It's my fault.
I fell asleep.
- Dad.
- Don't.
I did this.
He trusted me...
and just like your mother.
I let him down.
I let everybody down.
Here. Mom. if you take one of these.
you're gonna feel better. okay?
This is your fault.
We were only moving
because of you.
We sacrificed everything...
for you.
No. You... You wanted to go.
- You said that you wanted to.
- I loved my house.
I loved my life.
and you have ruined it.
You ruined everything!
- Everything.
- Enough.
You're just gonna sit here
and torture your daughter like this?
Can you come help me find
a station that actually works?
No Homeland Security.
- No military response.
- Wait.
You guys. Oh， my God.
I'm hearing something.
We're on our own here. people.
If you can hear my voice...
we're getting the first bits of
good news since this Apocalypse...
began nearly 48 hours ago.
A militia has formed
on the outskirts of Las Vegas...
and begun to engage
those affected.
I'm getting unconfirmed reports
of other militias gathering...
in Death Valley. Zion and Red Ridge
National Parks in the Mojave Desert.
Red Ridge. That's only
an hour up the road.
- Does that mean we can leave?
- No.
- We're not going anywhere.
- What?
I don't know about you.
but I gotta get the fuck out of here.
No.
I won't risk being on the move
when the baby comes.
It's too dangerous.
Too dangerous? What the fuck
you mean. too dangerous?
May God give us
the strength to survive...
and have mercy for those
who are already lost.
- Hey.
You okay?
You know， the crazy thing is，
I didn't even want this baby.
I even went down to the clinic.
do you know that?
I remember sitting
in the waiting room...
absolutely sure
I was doing the right thing.
Then I started getting this feeling.
Like I was...
falling into the deepest. darkest hole
imaginable. I couldn't...
I couldn't breathe. I couldn't speak.
I kept thinking:
"This must be what death feels like."
And when they called my name.
I just ran.
For a long time...
I pretended I could go back
whenever I wanted.
End it like I planned.
But then I'd start getting
that damn feeling again...
and I knew I didn't have a choice.
Somehow I knew this
had already been decided.
And it made me just...
It made me hate...
this thing growing inside of me.
You shouldn't say things
like that. Charlie.
It ain't right.
You'll get through this.
I know you will.
Why do you have so much faith
in me. Jeep. huh?
God knows I've never given you
or anybody else a reason to.
Or is it that you don't have any other
hard-luck cases to follow around?
You know， you're not the only one
who's had it hard around here. okay?
So you let me know when you
stop feeling sorry for yourself.
- All you have to do is this.
- No. no. I know.
It's two clicks all the way down.
I dated a Marine last summer.
He was kind of a gun freak.
My parents hated him.
I'll bet they did.
You know， my mom was right.
It is my fault that we're here.
She didn't mean that.
No， she did.
And it's true. The only reason why
we were moving was because of me.
They thought that my friends
were a bad influence.
But I was the bad influence.
It's just all really fucked up.
You know， when I was a shorty...
the only time my old man
ever gave me attention...
is when I did something bad.
- So you know what I did. right?
- What?
I got really good at being bad.
The problem is. when you get older...
and you have a family...
being bad is not so good anymore.
Hey. is it over?
- Are we back in business?
- No. I don't think so.
- You better get downstairs.
- No. No， I can handle it.
- No. get downstairs.
- No. I can handle it.
Take this just in case.
Get ready.
Stay.
Wait a minute.
Kyle. are they?
Kyle.
It's a trap.
It's a trap! They seen them coming
and they turned the lights on!
Hey! Get back in your car!
Get back in your car!
Dad!
They're not gonna make it!
- Get back in your car!
- Back in the car!
Yeah.
Stop!
Stop! You're gonna hit them too!
What the hell is that guy doing?
Don't open the door.
If you do， we all die.
- Please. let me go.
- Come on， I got you.
Now what?
Now what， huh?
Fooled you!
Kyle!
Damn it to hell!
Oh. God. Audrey.
You're gonna die now.
She's just a kid.
You can't just let her die.
I swear. if you don't do something.
I will.
Wait. You stay here.
Open the door.
Come on! Go!
I'll get some water.
- Jeep.
- In here! In here!
Don't be scared.
I just wanna play with your baby.
Stop! Get off of her!
- Are you hurt?
- Where is he? Where is he?
What the hell?
Oh. God.
It's coming.
Wait. Just because I'm a girl
does not mean I know how to do this.
- Stay calm and do exactly as I tell you.
- How do you know what to do?
What a way to bring a child
into the world.
- What the fuck is that?
- He's coming.
We need to hurry now. Charlie.
This isn't exactly something
we can hurry.
I need you to push now. You push like
you've never pushed before. Push.
- Michael. who is coming?
- Push!
How many bullets you got left?
Come on. That's it. Good.
Charlie. you did it. Charlie. you...
You did it.
Here's your baby. No， it's okay.
Your baby's fine. Look.
She's all right.
Give her some time.
- Audrey.
- Hi.
Look. Mom. we did it.
The baby's alive.
He's beautiful.
I remember when you were a baby.
You used to look at me just like that.
Just like that.
Audrey. I'm sorry about what I said
to you before. I didn't mean it.
I know.
You're the most precious thing
in the world to me. You know that.
Yeah.
It's just you and me now.
I know.
Are we safe now?
No.
But now at least the child
will have a chance to grow up.
A chance to lead the world
out of darkness.
What happens until then?
You need to show him how.
What makes you think
I can do that?
I want to do that?
If he's so important.
why don't you take him?
Because this journey is yours.
- Something's happening.
- We need to go.
The possessed can't
come near the child...
but he sent someone who can.
someone like me.
- Like you?
- Gabriel.
He's come here to do
what I wouldn't.
You were the one
that was supposed to kill the baby.
That's the order you didn't obey.
- We need to go.
- What is he talking about?
- Gather up weapons.
- What are you talking about?
- We need to go now. Now!
- Michael. answer me!
The baby.
The baby
was never meant to be born.
But the future has been unwritten.
The child lives.
And while he does. there's still hope.
Audrey. the baby.
- Mom!
- Audrey. come.
- What are you doing?
- You heard.
They just want the baby. I'll give them
the baby. then they're gonna let us go.
- You give him back to me right now.
- Why?
You didn't even want him
in the first place.
Come on. Audrey.
Audrey. come with me!
It's just one baby.
Oh. shit!
Here! Here!
No!
- Don't. Jeep! No!
- Dad!
No! The child.
Get the child out of here.
- What about you?
- Don't be afraid.
Find the prophets.
Learn to read the instructions.
Prophets? What prophets?
What instructions?
Go!
Let's keep moving.
I knew he'd send you. Gabriel.
You were always so eager
to please him.
Unlike you...
the rebellious son.
Your wings.
They would have helped you now.
To not feel their burden is a dream.
Do you think you can defy him...
and not pay the price?
The child lives.
He lives.
It doesn't matter
what happens to me.
Yours is a fool's sacrifice， Michael.
You can help them run.
but they won't escape.
Neither will you， my brother.
I'm not running anymore.
It's enough.
There's another way.
There is no other way.
That's enough.
Gabriel. that's enough.
You wanted to live like one of them.
Now you'll die like one of them.
Jeep.
Your arm.
The instructions.
Sorry.
We're out of business.
Hey. guys. we're here.
Okay. We need to figure out
our weapon situation.
Hopefully. Michael didn't take
everything out of the car. Look around.
I've got a flare gun
and a couple of flares.
- Jeep.
- Duck!
Audrey. the flare gun!
Audrey.
Charlie. get down!
Get off of her!
Jeep. do it!
Do it!
Jeep.
- The baby?
- Alive.
Jeep.
Audrey?
Oh. shit.
Give me the child.
No.
Then death will come to you both.
No!
Why do you continue to fight...
when you know all hope is lost?
Fuck you.
This can't be. You've disobeyed him.
You gave him what he asked for.
I gave him what he needed.
Do it.
Do it!
No.
I would not have shown you
such mercy.
I know.
That's why you failed him.
They're waiting.
Where are you going?
You're the true protector.
You always have been.
Will we ever see you again?
Have faith.
When I was a little girl...
my mother spoke of a prophecy...
of a time when all the world
would be covered in darkness...
and the fate of mankind
would be decided.
One night. I finally got up the courage
to ask my mother...
why God was so mad
at his children.
"I don't know." she said.
tucking the covers around me.
"I guess he just got tired
of all the bullshit."
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm